# Final-Project-Team-11
When thinking of what qualifies a neighborhood in Pittsburgh as the 'best' one can't help but think of the neighborhood in which they picture themselves living in. Hence why our team, Team HGTV, used metrics that would affect our desire to want to live in said neighborhood.

Tegan Lapp (TEL30): When I think of a good neighborhood to live in, I think of a safe neighborhood, or one in which crime rates are low. Thus, for my metric, I scanned police report data from the last 30 days, counting how many criminal incidents took place in each neighborhood. For my visualizations, I then created a map of Pittsburgh, hilighting the neighborhoods with more criminal activity in darker reds. I then created a horziontal bar graoh to show the specific numbers of each neighborhood. After doing all of this, I found the top 6 neighborhoods with the lowest crime rates. Bloomfield and Mt. Oliver had no incidents; Allegheny West had 1 reported incident; Regent Square and New Homestead had 2 incidents.According to my metric then, these 5 neighborhoods would be the safest and therefore the best.


Ijhad Bonner (IJB10): I really had to play around with the data for this one. Because of outliers and difficulties/constraints with the visualizations, I chose to cut some of the outliers out that skewed the graph due to some bad data. We are left with the neighborhoods that all had a good amount of data and it turns out that NEW HOMESTEAD wins this metric for the best neighborhood in Pittsburgh by a landslide! Honorable mentions include: South Shore, Point Breeze, Swisshelm Park, Brookline, and Overbrook. I personally would have picked a neighborhood like Shadyside, but Shadyside predominantly has a lot of people renting places that are most likely not going to be there for the long run. Ideally, a person could look at my data and pick a neighborhood of choice maybe within the population ranges based on their personal preference. I think this statistic gives a good idea of attractive neighborhoods because people who own homes definitely have an investment in that area, but it is definitely not the end-all-be-all for methods of ranking. 
